we are getting some news into us about a
strike in Gaza hany mmud is live in Dera
Bala in central Gaza honey what can you
tell
us just just couple minutes couple
minutes ago an air strike just struck a
it struck the Gate of the hospital
that's that's actually a few meters away
from where we are standing here since
ear hours of this morning the Skies of
the Central Area mainly above the
hospital this hospital was clouded with
many of the drones you can hear them in
the background and for the past few
hours we've been talking to each other
that the presence the dense presence of
these attack of drones is for a reason
here and just within the past couple
minutes huge air strike that is right
next to the gate of the hospital we're
getting now a confirmed reports judging
from what what I'm looking at right now
but because it's a massive explosion the
dust and the debris just covered main
parts of the hospital when I talk about
next to the gate of the hospital just
the landscape of the area this is a a
road that is at about 8 m wide and
across from the gate there is a house
that has been already bombed at the
initial weeks of the war it's been
targeted again now the de breeze and the
the dust all come to the Courtyard of
the hospital as we speak right right now
this is we would been warning of the the
dense presence of these drones and we we
did not expect to it to happen right at
this time but it did happen as you can
hear in the background the the buzz
sound of these attack drones is still in
the skies and still clouding the Skies
of the Central Area m above the hospital
see where as you see from the frame of
the camera these are one of the injuries
a child who happened to be
hit by a shrapnell there's another one
also being rushed inside the hospital
and this is from the flying shrap naels
and de breeze as the explosion was quite
intense I'm I'm not sure if you guys
could hear that in the studio but it was
so deafening it was so loud here uh
honey we can most definitely hear the
continual sound of drones uh above you
Israeli military drones are you
suggesting it was one of those drones
that carried out this specific strike do
we know what the intended target was
[Music]
then well what we know so far it's a
house that has been already bombed but
the fact that it's not far from the
hospital this has already created a
sense of intimidation a sense of fear
and concern as people remember within
the past few days right before the
announcement of the PA in the fighting
in the Central Area because of the
vaccination campaign people were
literally told by this military as they
received messages and received they read
the the leaflets that were dropped by
the Israeli Army to go back to these
blocks 12 128 29 130 they're all next to
each other and they were told they are
safe literally the word safe was in
those text messages was in those Def
flets and people were told to get back
to these areas and now the the explosion
just took place that shattered any sense
of safety that remained to people also
it shattered any sense of in the
narrative about the pauses in the
fighting as again this is very similar
to what the Israeli military has been
doing in the past 10 months it's all
it's full of lies it's misleading it's
contradictory it's fake people told to
go to areas to avoid being bombed and
they get bombed and they get killed and
get bed in the very particular areas and
locations they were told to go to this
is we we we keep monitoring the
development of this story but the fact
is happening without any prior warning
what ever this Road next to the gate of
the hospital is quite busy at this
particular time of the day it's more of
like a rush hours it's a market place
here people tend to leave their tents
leave to to tend to leave the areas
where they evacuated we they have been
evacuated in and come to this road and
particular streets leading to the gate
of the hospital and buying and shop and
restock from whatever is available so
it's really a busy hour quite more of a
like a rush hour uh in the area
and what we're getting now consistent
what I was saying the street was full of
it of hundreds of people either those
who are coming back to their homes
taking their bongas and taking the very
Road where the bomb where the explosion
happens going back to the eastern part
of Dar B City or at the vicin of the
hospital when the explosion
happens all right hany many thanks for
that update we will of course come back
to you um as when we get more
information just to clarify hany and the
rest of the team have been reporting on
the roll out of polio vaccines uh one of
the centers there in der Al Bala just to
repeat what we've just heard from hany
what appears to have been a strike uh
possibly carried out by an Israeli
military drone on a Target close to the
gates of that hospital as I say on day
two of the polio vaccine roll out
something that the Israeli military said
they would provide a safe Corridor to
allow civilians uh to get to into allow
them to be
vaccinated make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get latest news from Al jazer